Legal Disclaimer Notice

ALL PRODUCTS, PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS, AND DATA ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE TO IMPROVE RELIABILITY, FUNCTION, OR DESIGN, OR OTHERWISE.

Metriful Ltd., Simone Gianni, their affiliates, agents, and employees, and all persons acting on their behalf (collectively, “the Providers”), disclaim any and all liability for any errors, inaccuracies, or incompleteness contained in any datasheet or in any other disclosure.

The Providers make no warranty, representation, or guarantee regarding the suitability of the products for any particular purpose or the continuing production of any product. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Providers disclaim (i) any and all liability arising out of the application or use of any product or data, (ii) any and all liability, including without limitation special, consequential, or incidental damages, and (iii) any and all implied warranties, including warranties of fitness for particular purpose, non-infringement, and merchantability.

Statements regarding the suitability of products for certain types of applications are based on the Providers' knowledge of typical requirements that are often placed on such products in generic applications. Such statements are not binding statements about the suitability of products for a particular application. It is the customer’s responsibility to validate that a particular product is suitable for use in a particular application.

Parameters provided in datasheets and/or specifications may vary in different applications, and performance may vary over time. All operating parameters, including typical parameters, must be validated for each customer application by the customer. Product specifications do not expand or otherwise modify the Providers' terms and conditions of purchase, including but not limited to the warranty expressed therein. Product photographs and diagrams are for illustration purposes only and may differ from the real product appearance.

The Providers' products are not designed for use in medical, life-saving, safety, or life-sustaining applications or for any other application in which the failure of such products could result in personal injury or death. Customers using or selling these products for use in such applications do so at their own risk. No information contained in any document or disclosure from the Providers constitutes health or safety advice.

No license, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document or by any conduct of the Providers. Product names and markings noted herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.